#Tips for the loading screen
#Thanks to 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, leagris, Lewissaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, richardhendricks, yukieiji and others for tip suggestions
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" are 77 chars
#Adventurer's backpack? Did you mean integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid
#
Got a question? Join our Discord server: discord.gg/wtNVzeE5QB
Make sure you have installed a backup mod
You can bind the quests menu to a key, instead of using the book
Pam's gardens can be picked up with right-click
Placing a garden makes it spread
Water gardens can grow on land
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
Build multiblocks within the same chunk!
Forestry Worktables are a must!
Try the Midnight Theme for the questbook
Try the Realistic Sky resourcepack
Literally flint and steel!
Tinker's tools can levelup: more modifiers and minig level bonus!
Adventurer's backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
Beware of pollution!
Found a bug? Report it on GitHub or Discord
Tinker's smeltery does not double ores
You can bookmark items with NEI ("a" by default)
It's NEI, not JEI. Use it frequently.
Your pick is not ready
Also try GT:NH!
Put the "Mine" back in Minecraft
If you aren't lucky enough, try enchanting your lootbags with Fortune III!
Don't go out at night!
Abandon all vanilla knowledge all ye who enter here
Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Sometimes the best combat strategy is "Nigerundayooo!"
You can power machines by putting a batteries in their energy slots
Be prepared to take hours to build a single multiblock machine!
Oil + Thunder = Fire.
It's aluminIum, not aluminum
Press F7 to see spots where mobs can spawn!
Press F9 to see chunk borders!
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
If you're making a Project Red system, make sure to use a wall of drawers!
How many circuits have you crafted in your life?
XAERO's MAP: PRESS[M]
sqrt(-1) loves you!
(MultiMC > Curse) && (Technic > Curse): true
All you had to do was tho follow the damn quest line, CJ!
Click on an item in the quest book to show its recipe in NEI
Why not visit Nuclear Tech? We have... nuclear bombs
If it's too tedious you're doing it wrong
Do you also watch your oven while baking food?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Use F3 + S to reload the sound if it's gone
Life's all about opening issues, not closing them - Rongmario
Visit r/feedthemems!
I WANT ROCKET I WANT MOON - St4o
Hello @Bufka2011 why did you copied our (GTNH) rules :kekwhat:
Did you already crafted AE2 system?
Press O to hide NEI overlay
Making chamelium in Chemplant is efficient
Also try GregTech: New Horizons!
Don't use shaders - it's breaking Darkerer mod
3.6 Roentegen?
Factory Must Grow!
Did you tried Schematica?
There is a swarm ahead!
Beware of glyphids
Hydrogen Bomb VS Coughing Baby
TODO: create MORE tips
Say hello to DreamMaster from Bufka2011!
What? Warden is a hard boss? Pff... Martian Invasion Ship
This is not a bug, this is an anomaly!
Did you already got tantalium?
Too hard? Well, get outta here
ZIRNOX going brrrrrr
Oh no, ZIRNOX going BOOOOOM
PotatOS is funny :D
Did you know that you can see Gerald explode from another planet?
Multiplayer is awful... At least for now.
Did you checked graphic settings?
Chunks are loading too slow? We'll try to fix it.
How many RAM do you have? 6GB for NT:NH is perfect!
Balance? Nah, never heard
Wdym you lost all your inventory?
Historically accurate! Maybe...
50% scientific accurate!
How about to share this modpack with your friends?
The freaking meteorite landed INSIDE our rock cave!
Oh no, pollution.
Do you have radiation protection with you?
Hello Canada!
Hello USA!
Hello Russia! / Привет Россия!
Hello Ukraine! / Привіт Україно!
Peace to all! / Всем мира! / Мир усім!
Be sure to check out if there is a new update!
The best way to process ore is Acidizer + Centrifuge
Crystallized ore gives you 2 ingots when smelting
NTM's Electric Furnaces are must!
Don't mine coal without breathing protection
Number One Asbestos Fan
You can use ingots from different mods in crafting
She was Nuclear on my Tech until I New Horizons
Did you already automated food production?
It's automated, not automized
Realistic Terrain Generator? Do you mean infinite cascade lag?
Don't forget to feed your cat!
Minecraft loading can take a while
World loading can take a while
It's better to pregen your world
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's GitHub repo
You need help with NTM? Find SavageVegeta on YouTube!
If you're russian try watching Ocelot's videos!
If you're russian try watching Waldemar's videos!
Do you know math? You'll need it
2 idiots 1 reactor
Night is REALLY scary!
OMGWTF NUCLEAR CREEPER
Pain-In-The-Ass modpack!
If you're casual enable LBM mode in hbm.cfg
If you're real hardcore enjoyer, enable 528 mode in hbm.cfg
If you're real Pain-In-The-Ass enjoyer, enable 528 mode in hbm.cfg
Hello HBMTheBobcat!
Hello DreamMaster!
Hello JamesH2!
Hello everyone!
